updates to cycles faucet, SDR vs XDR, ... (#3794)
dfinity/portal: docs/tutorials/hackathon-prep-course/7-obtaining-cycles.mdx

Cycles are only associated with canisters and user or developer principals. Canisters require cycles to perform operations and pay for the resources they use. Developers manage the distribution and ownership of cycles through the **cycles ledger**. The cycles ledger is used to convert ICP tokens into cycles, send cycles to canisters, and create new canisters with cycles.

## Option A: Redeeming a cycles faucet coupon

> At hackathon events, DFINITY usually offers cycles faucet coupons to participants which can be redeemed for 10T free cycles.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
At hackathon events, DFINITY may offer cycles faucet coupons to participants, which can be redeemed for 10T free cycles.
```

> If such cycles faucet coupon was handed out to you, just navigate to the website [https://faucet.dfinity.org](https://faucet.dfinity.org) and follow the instructions there.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If such cycles faucet coupon was handed out to you, navigate to the website [https://faucet.dfinity.org](https://faucet.dfinity.org) and follow the instructions there.
```

## Option B: Converting ICP tokens to cycles

> The regular way is to convert ICP tokens into cycles. Therefore you first you need to obtain [ICP tokens](https://internetcomputer.org/icp-tokens). ICP tokens can be purchased through a crypto exchange, or they can be received through other activities such as participating in the NNS governance and receiving grants from the DFINITY foundation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The typical way to obtain cycles is to convert ICP tokens. You first you need to obtain [ICP tokens](https://internetcomputer.org/icp-tokens) through a crypto exchange, or they can be received through other activities such as participating in the NNS governance and receiving grants from the DFINITY foundation.
```
